What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    When you initialize a git repository, the file .git is created to denote this
    is a git repository. You need to do it in order to turn a regular directory
    into a git repository so you can start commiting your changes... etc.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area contains only the files to be commited, while the working directory 
    contains all of the files in the repository. This allows you to commit certain
    files rather than all of the files in the repositry.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    Using git diff --staged will show the difference between what you have in your
    staging area and the latest commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

    Some situations would include when you're including a feature but are not sure
    it would work yet. Branches would allow to work on some features that you don't
    yet want to include in the official version of your project, so this way you
    can retain a working version of your project while working on other ideas separately
    without affecting the offical version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    They outline clearly the entire structure repository history, making it easy to
    see where each branch is.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

    The result is a commit containing changes from both branches. We represent it
    the way we do because the new commit now actually points to two different parents
    that used to be the actual branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

    The advantage of Git's automcatic merging is that it just merges the files for you. 
    With manual merging however, you can verify the changes and choose exactly what 
    you want you want to merge.